Update rn force flag (#1381)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
* Refactor **update-release-notes** command - new classs manager, split some logic to smaller functions, added docsrings and type annotations.

> * Added a  *--force* flag to the **update release notes** command, so the update can takes place even without a change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a  *--force* flag to the **update-release-notes** command, so the update can take place even without a change in the pack.
```
